We spoke already, we spoke already, we spoke already, but now we again according to teaching, what
is a will? What is a will? That means how we should be understanding when we practice Dzogchen or
how we should kind of keep in our mind. What should we keep in our mind when we practice Dzogchen?
Dzogchen. That is simple we may be together. Now.
And here you can say that again, that we have been making so many times. What is in the tea is it?
The all phenomena existings, both samsara and nirvana, everything is displayed of the Dharmakaya.
Everything is displayed of Dharmakayas.
Dharmakaya is an unborn, natural qualities. And that Dharmakaya is your mind and my mind. This is
Dharmakaya.
So all the both samsara, nirvana of your samsara, your nirvana is a reflection of your Dharmakaya.
Simple to tell. Everything is a reflection, display of one's own Dharmakaya.
My Dharmakaya is my, for example, my Dharmakaya disciplines. Everyone in each of us, whatever we
perceive, whatever we see, whatever we do, whatever we think is display of your Dharmakaya
disciplines.
Dharmakaya is known as self-born, pristine or great western, pristine, cognition status.
This is all inner nature, this is basic nature, this is simple nature, this we all have this nature
. You have that nature, I have that nature, every living beings has this nature.
No one is out of this natural nature. So therefore, all the phenomena that exist about samsara and
nirvana is originally enlightened.
It's not just brain enlightenment somewhere else or newly developed. It's originally enlightened.
That is the what you are going to see. We are going to see that.
We are going to think well, we are meditating on the tsokyu. Therefore, there was no need of doubt
and hesitation and skeptical ideas during the meditation practice.
We are going to relax. And we are having skeptical and doubt and hesitation. That is what in the
teaching, you say, timities. That is timity. That is not fearlessness.
That is timity. You are now scared with that in a way. You are timid by the ego cleanness and the
habit patterns of the ego's or grasp's, manipulative.
Therefore, we should remain with therefore courage, confidence. Remain in that natural status.
Relax.
There is nothing to worry. Nothing to do. Nothing to think that I am going to miss. Nothing to sort
it out. All is all in this downward diastasis.
This is in fact. This is the fact. That is the fact. Just relax. Relax this nature. And now to do
this. With this understanding and what?
And that is again zokitanda known as nampachitanda, the great sky thunder. And the southern one,
even as a muslim, is un-publicated. There is nothing to do. And by recognizing this nature, then
that individually reaching enlightenment, becoming good. That's what I said.
So that is the general rule of zokitanda. That means general rule in zokitanda can be divided as
three sections. And those are known as mind sections, space sections, beat instruction sections.
Those are the three.
So this is the general rule. A central rule and a central rule of all these three zokit schools or
three different sections. And in the teaching don't use the schools.
He said this side. That is like every translated into English is sectional. So three sections. Now
how these three sections?